my trunk pies can they paint a ride home
swishing behind the ear gripping the
styrofoam switching lanes just gripping
a Styrofoam parking lot pimping gripping
styrofoam my trunk pilots can they paint
a ride chrome swishing behind me here
ripping the styrofoam switching lanes
just script in a styrofoam parking lot
pimpin grouping of styrofoam i hain't
sick I don't need no damn prescription
lols following me cuz I match the ball
in description lean in my cup makes
rajala ranches got so much dough like I
had me some amber screams falling down
playing Super Nintendo got my lean on
like a game of some limbo don't need to
waste my money buying that patron all I
need is a pie and a cup of styrofoam
many chips like I am a ruffle could it
fit in my wallet so I switched to a dull
for my swagger from the dirty where we
blaze away y'all worries makes us fri
got me feelin right blow to my mind like
dynamite open all day cvs/pharmacy when
i read up on that drink that pimp c
creeping riding solo with a full tank
boss hoggin 35 just me and my drain my
trunk how can they paint her ride chrome
swish it behind the ear gripping the
sunroof own switching lanes just
gripping the styrofoam parking lot get a
grip of styrofoam my trunk hi can they
paint a ride chrome swishing behind the
ear gripping the styrofoam switching
lanes just scripting and styrofoam
parking lot hippie we're gonna start
with foam sit they can't be addressing
will grip and that's how we do swinging
on them things no lesson some 22 all in
is a habit my drink you know that I grab
it got letters like I'm a rabbit my
blood you know that night daddy
purple drink money like I'm a bang king
of the hill like I was Hank ain't no
last call and it's always happy hour
riding so high rims of like the Eiffel
Tower you sprinkle I make it shower my
cup full of that power being down your
black and tearing up your street stop at
7-eleven for some great social sweet
posing silk sheets in top floor big
sweets you riding around Tyra phone
bounce house
yeah we in here my trunk hi can they
paint a ride chrome swishing behind the
ear gripping the sabra phone switching
lanes just stripping and start with foam
parking lot camping gripping styrofoam
my trunk how can they paint a ride
chrome swishing behind me here gripping
a Sabra phone switching lanes just
scripting a Styrofoam parking lot here
rivers are appalled
gripping to stop the styrofoam